Q1. Features of NextJs?
1. Routing
2. API Routes
3. Rendering
4. Data Fetching
5. Styling
6. Optimization
7. Dev and Prod Build System.

Q2. What is Server Component?
In NextJs All components are Server components by default. They have the ability to run tasks like reading files or fetching data from a database. However they don't have the ability to use hooks or handle user interactions.

Q3. What is Client Component?
To Create a Client component it is necessary to add "use client" at the top of the component file. Client component can't paeform tasks like reading files, but they have the ability to use hooks and manage interactions.

Q4. NextJs Routing?
NextJs has a file based routing mechanism. URL paths that users can access in the browser are defined by files and folders in your codebase.

Q5 Routing Conventions?
1. All Routes must be placed inside the app folder
2. Every file that corresponds to a route must be named page.js or page.tsx
3. Every folder corresponds to a path segment in the browser URL.

Q6. Private Folders?
A private folders indicates that it is a private implementation detail and should not be considered by the routing system.
The folder and all its subfolders are excluded from routing.
Prefix the folder name with an underscore.

Q7. Private folder advantages?
1.For seprating UI logic from routing logic.
2.For consistently organizing internal files across the project.
3.For sorting andd grouping files in code editors.
4.And finally for avoiding potential naming conflicts with future Next.js file convention.

Q8. Route Group?
Allows us to logically group our routes and project files without affecting the URL path structure.

Q9. Layout?
1.A page is UI that is unique to a route.
2.A layout is UI that is shared between multiple pages in the app.

Q10. How to create a layout?
You can define a layout by default exporting a React component from a layout.js or layout.tsx filr.
That component should accept a children prop that will be populated with a child page during rendering.

Q11. Routing Metadata?
Ensuring Proper Search Engine Optimization is a crucial for increasing visibility and attracting users.
Next.js introduced the Metadata API which allows you to define metadata for each page.
Metadata ensures accurate and relevent information is displayed when your pages are shared or indexed.

Q12. How to Configure Metadata?
Export a static MMetadata Object.
Export a dynamic generate Metadata function.

Q13. Metadata Rules?
1.Both layout.tsx and page.tsx files can export metadata.If defined in a layout, it applies to the all pages in that layout, but it defined in a page, it applies only to that page.
2.Metadata is read in order, from the root level down to the final page level.
3.When there is Metadata in multiple places for the same route, they got combined, but page metadata will replace layout metadata if they have the same properties.